pset3 - game of fiteen questions.txt

0 - 3:  question answers
4 - XX: general notes


questions answered:


0.  The gameboard dimesions need to have equal number of rows and columns, 
    with at least three rows/columns and no more than 9 rows/columns

1.  The gameboard is comprised of a 2D array of equal rows and columns

2.  The funtion "greet" is called to greet the player and game initialization. 
    greet calls three functions 
        
        2.1 - clear:    clear is decalred above greet. Using escape sequences
                        for Linux, \033 clears the screen and [2J moves the cursor
                        to pos. 0, 0.
                        
        2.2 - printf:   As given by the cs50.h library, prints the welcome message
                        to the screen.
                        
        2.3 - usleep:   in the unistd.h library, suspends execution of the calling
                        thread for at least "usec" microseconds.
    
3.  Per the documentation, I need to implement the following four (4) functions:
        
        3.1 - init:     Initialize the 2D array (of dimensions "d" as given by the
                        user) to be used as the gameboard.
                        
        3.2 - draw:     Prints the current state of the board for the user to see
                        whenever this function is called. an array only exists in
                        memory, so we need to make a function that shows the user
                        the current state of the 2D array (gameboard)
                        
        3.3 - move:     Allows user input to control the state of the array.
                        Effectively "swaps" gameboard tiles with the blank tile.
                        
        3.4 - won:      After every move, this function will check the current
                        state of the gameboard to see if the games has been won,
                        when the array values are in descending order from [0][0]
                        to [n-1][n-1]